Here is a slightly broken recipe for Xfree86 4.3.0.1.  You can make it be
a recipe for 4.3.0 by removing the 4.3.0.1 patch.  X is composed of more
than one tarball that all extract to a directory called xc.  aunpack can't
handle this because it extracts to a temporary directory and then trys to
move that directory to the destination.  I imagine this will be a problem
for all Recipes which define urls instead of url.  Since I don't know perl
I changed the "do aunpack -f "$f" " line of Compile to "do abrir "$f".

For some reason make install install.man does not do the same thing as:
make install
make install.man
so I added a pre_link to do the man pages.

The patches apply correctly but I don't think I made them correctly
because they say "missing header for unified diff at line 3 of patch" when
they are applied.

I originally had :
#define BuildFonts NO
#define FontDir /File/Fonts
in the host.def patch, but X could not find the fonts in /File/Fonts when
I tried to run it.  It first claimed the directories inside /File/Fonts
didn't exist and then claims it can not init them.  Since these aren't in
host.def the X11.tmpl patch isn't necessary, but I keep it incase anyone
can figure out how to make X find the fonts in /File/Fonts.

The inc.Imakefile might be made unneccessary by defining LinkGLToUsr or
AlternateIncRoot to NO but I don't know what else that will affect.

Finally this Recipe does not work if there are links in /usr to an
existing X installation.  The install tries to remove specific files in
/usr as long as they aren't there it works.  I removed /Programs/XFree86
and then did a find /System/Links | RemoveBroken to install this one, but
I imagine moving /Progams/XFree86/<actual directory current refers to>
doing a find /System/Links | RemoveBroken and then moving the directory
back to its original location would also work.

  -- Jeremy Vernon
